# -String-Mapping-using-python-Fuzzy-Logic

Data mapping is always resource-intensive requiring hands-on development, review, andknowledge about all sources and targets. Human intervention is required for mapping design and validation of map results.Marketable and open-source mapping tools can assist in the process by providing changing degrees of automation. Manual review is required, to a varying extent, to map the portions that failed automated mapping and to authenticate the results of automated mapping. Linking various record sets on text fields like names and addresses is a common but interesting data problem. In this work, we had used combined mapping approach for merging databases schemas. Our proposed approach contains structural and semantic level information to map database schemas for getting better results compared to existing approaches.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Before we get into thick of things, I would like to add few heartfelt words for the people who are part of our team as they have been unending contribution right from the start of construction of the report. Apart from the team I am indebted to the numbers of persons who have provided helpful and constructive guidance in the draft of material. I acknowledge with deep sense of gratitude towards the encouragement in the form of substantial assistance provided each and every member of my team. I would like to extend my sincere thanks to our guide Asst.Prof. P.R.Sabale
It is my great fortune that I have got opportunity to carry out this project work under the supervision of Prof. Pushpa Sable, in the Department of Bachelor of information Tecnology (BscIT), JSSP College Khardi, affiliated to Mumbai University of Information Technology Maharashtra, India. I express my sincere thanks and deepest sense of gratitude to my guide for his constant support, unparalleled guidance and limitless encouragement. I wish to convey my gratitude to Prof. Pushpa Sable, HOD, Department of Information Technology, and for providing all kinds of infrastructural facility towards the research work. I would also like to convey my gratitude to all the faculty members and staffs of the Department of information Technology, for their whole hearted cooperation to make this work turn into reality.

 Conclusion
In this work, we had used combined mapping approach for merging databases schemas. Our proposed approach contains structural and semantic level information to map database schemas for getting better results compared to existing approaches.
 Data mapping is always resource-intensive requiring hands-on development, review, and knowledge about all sources and targets. Human intervention is necessary for mapping design and validation of map outcomes. Commercial and open-source mapping tools can assist in the process by providing varying degrees of automation. Manual review is required, to a varying extent, to map the portions that failed automated mapping and to validate the results of automated mapping.
Linking different record sets on text fields like names and addresses is a common but challenging data problem. The python ecosystem contains two use full libraries that can take data sets and use multiple algorithms to try to match them together.
Fuzzymatcher uses sqlite’s full text search to simply match two pandas DataFrames together using probabilistic record linkage.


